
1. Why do computers understand only binary language?
Ans:Computers use binary to store data. Not only because it's a reliable way of storing the data, 
but computers only understand 1s and 0s — binary. A computer's main memory consists of transistors 
that switch between high and low voltage levels — sometimes 5V, sometimes 0.

2. What is the full form of IDE?
Ans:An integrated development environment (IDE) is software for building applications that combines 
common developer tools into a single graphical user interface (GUI).

3. What is the difference between a text editor and a code editor?
Ans:A text editor simply allows you to write and edit text and it does not have anything built-in 
to help you to code whereas a code editor is also a text editor but it also helps you write code.

4. What are the steps to develop software using the C language?
Ans:Step 1: Download Dev/C++ ...
Step 2: Install Dev/C++ ...
Step 3: Create First Project. ...
Step 4: Write Your Program. ...
Step 5: Save and Compile Code. ...
Step 6: Run Your Code. ...
Step 7: More Resources.

5. Explore by your own

1. What is the latest version of C Language?
Ans:C17
C17. Published in June 2018 as ISO/IEC 9899:2018, 
C17 is the current standard for the C programming language.

2. Who developed C Language?
Ans:C, computer programming language developed in the early 1970s by American computer scientist
Dennis M. Ritchie at Bell Laboratories 

3. What is the difference between System and Application Software?
Ans. The system software is used for operating computer hardware. On the other hand Application 
software are installed according to user's requirements.

4. How to convert a number from a decimal number system to a binary number system?
Ans:Take decimal number as dividend. Divide this number by 2 (2 is base of binary so divisor here). 
Store the remainder in an array (it will be either 0 or 1 because of divisor 2). Repeat the above 
two steps until the number is greater than zero

